Question 2: Maximum Subarray (#196)
UWB-ACM/CTCI: 2020-02-Spring/0_arrays_matrix/README.md

> ### 2. PROBLEM 2 TODO :bug:

Reviewer: Need the name of the problem and difficulty
```suggestion
### 2. Maximum Subarray (Easy)
```

> Source: https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/

Author: Going to avoid embedded links because I've had issues where the permalinks doesn't work. They could have been an ID10T error, but I'm gonna play it safe than sorry.

#### Scenario

> Given an integer array nums, find the contiguous subarray (containing at least one number) which has the largest sum and return its sum.

Reviewer: I'm adding a small change here, but the explanation needs a little more detail. Things like what is considered correct input, how to format output, whether or not correct input is guaranteed, etc.

```suggestion
Given an array of integers, find the contiguous subarray (containing at least one number) which has the largest sum and return the sum.
```

<!-- Don't remove -->
<a name="s2"/>

> ### 2. SOLUTION 2

Reviewer: Need problem name
```suggestion
### 2. Maximum Subarray Solution
```

> Source: https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/

Reviewer 2: Markdown link embedding is nice.

```suggestion
Source: [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/)
```

Reviewer 2: This is still nice

We will traverse over the array and keep track of 2 variables: Total maximum sum, and the current sum.
We will look at each number and add it to the current sum, if the current sum becomes negative, we ignore the numbers that made it negative.
Resetting the current to 0 is basically saying "Ignore everything we looked at previously because it's not getting us the greatest sum."

> So if we are looking at this array: `[-2,1,-3,4,-1,2,1,-5,4]`

Reviewer 2: This renders as one large paragraph; recommend breaking it up into explanation + example.

![large_paragraph](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29528527/78851272-3ead7380-79ce-11ea-80cf-ed49daa69653.png)

```suggestion

So if we are looking at this array: `[-2,1,-3,4,-1,2,1,-5,4]`
```

Reviewer 2: You should still do this

Author: Fixed in next commit

We will look at -2 and see we have a negative number, so set curr to 0. 
Then we see that 1 is postive, set curr & max to 1. 
Then -3 gives us a curr of -2, set curr to 0, but the max is still 1.
Then 4 gives us a curr of 4, and update max to 4. Since our curr is now 4, we have ignored all the values before 4 (-2, 1, -3).

> 

Reviewer: Might want to finish this explanation. You've stopped in the middle of traversing this array.

Author: Fixed

> #### Solution

Reviewer: Need a solution source too

Author: Solution is in the other file

Reviewer 2: > Need a solution source too

Not sure what you're asking here but here's my 2 cents:
* I don't think I've ever given credit attribution to a solution before, mostly because I would typically write them myself (LC especially) or use the solution in the CTCI book.
* There is a `Solution.java` in this commit

Reviewer: Oh, I thought we needed one for some reason. Never mind then.

```java

> public int maxSubArray(int[] nums) {

Reviewer 2: Code style for this is good. Short, sweet, and highly readable. (I use the same bracket style so it's definitely up my alley, but I appreciate the judicious choice of variable names etc as well.) :tada: 

I traced through a few examples by hand. This solution appears to work for the edge cases I came up with, but I strongly encourage doing the following:
1. Writing tests to prove it works.
2. Tracing through edge cases with this code during the session (or even giving example input to let folks test their own solutions by and or in an editor).

Here are a few edge cases I tried:
* All negative numbers (`[ -3 -16 -4 -1 -2 -6]`)
* Not front-loaded arrays, where the max is at the end of the array (`[ -1 1 3 4 5 ]`)
* A normal-ish array (`[ 3 2 6 0 1 -3 1 ]`)

Author: Will add those, thank you!

    if (nums.length == 1) {
        return nums[0];
    }
    //Keep track of the max sum seen so far, and the current running sum.
    int max = nums[0];
    int curr = 0;
    for (int i = 0; i < nums.length; i++) {
        curr += nums[i];
        //If the current running sum is greater than the total, set it to max.
        if (curr > max) {
            max = curr;
        }

>         //If the current running total becomes negative, we ignore the numbers

Reviewer: Ignore by itself sounds weird. Suggest rewording it.
```suggestion
        //If the current running total becomes negative, we ignore all previous numbers
```

Author: Fixed
